---
title: "Origins"
date: "2020-03-19"
tags: ["personal"]
---

I didn't know I'll get that far. Few months ago I would just assume that my fondness to perfection prevented me from doing what I love. Now I know that perfectionism is just a fancy word used by every procrastinator to have an excuse for being lazy. Whenever its true or not, I came to the conclusion that I don't want to be a person which postpones everything. As I'm getting older, my perception changes. I started to appreciate my life much more than I ever did, which significantly helped me to finally focus on what's important for me. And I'm convinced that developing my passion and sharing my thoughts with others is something that I would love to do.

As you probably already guessed, my name is Michał Kotowski. When I started my adventure with web development, michalkotowski.pl domain was taken. It didn't surprise me, but once in a while I was checking its status. Patience paid off and on Februrary 24, 2020 I finally managed to get my hands on it. I have to admit that it was a perfect motivation to finally sit down, learn more about GatsbyJS and create something beautiful.

Anyway, whoever you are and however you managed to find my website, I wish you everything best. And if you are a creator and hobbyist who postpones everything for later - just DON'T. Creative work is something that will bring happiness to your life. DO what you love. Between the letter A and Z there is a whole alphabet to beat, and you have to go step by step if you want to achieve real fulfillment. Don't let dreams be just dreams. Don't let anything distract you from your goal. Be the best version of yourself.